Let's start by being able to navigate to the ad blace page we're going to start on the home page of
course and we can see those.
And so I have I own serve already running.
If we go to the running up this is our blank home page and I want to add a plus button in the top right
corner which will navigate to this new place page through this app place page here to do this.
I'll go to the template of the whole file of the home page and first of all I'm going to give this a
different title but name it.
Places to because this is what we're showing here.
Now if that place I'm going to add my iron buttons block here to you where to put the should be placed
in the neph bar gift is the position and to place it at the end of the nav bar and in there I'm going
to add a new button.
You'll learn this before with the button directive.
And then with.
I can only since only older I can and the NAF push directive to mix things up because i will all I want
to do here is load this new page horridest at place page.
So you or I will simply say at Les's page and does a property I will have to create before doing so
I will add the button though I and I can with the name of ADD.
This will be the place.
Now if this lets at this place page property to our home dot TS file to our home component here and
this should simply reference the at least page which Remember we already added year to the app module.
Now we are importing it here in the home file.
You can see home tortillas Faltu.
So did were able to assign it to this property which you then again use year on this Neph push directive
to go to that page.
Well it doesn't place if we saved as we should already see that this works that this navigation works.
But going back to the app letted reload here is a plus.
Let's click on it and we're on the place page.
So this works the next step is to work on this at least page to add a for there which will allow us
to step by step create a page there before we then come to the most interesting part and implement those
native device features.